[THEME MUSIC]
>> We're going to
talk about money.
So women control 80% to
85% of household spending.
Arguably 90% of what we
interact with on a daily basis
was not designed
with women in mind.
Examples, seatbelts,
overhead compartments
on airplanes, sneakers, until
Allison Phoenix launched Safe.
Tesla, the door
handles on a Tesla,
if any of you get your nails
done and also have a Tesla,
you cannot open the
door on your Tesla.
You have to use your knuckle.
That's not a problem of
me getting my nails done.
That's a problem of no
women being in the room when
they design that door handle.
This extends into bigger things.
So I'm a venture capitalist.
When we think about venture
capital as an asset class,
it's actually relatively small
compared to private equity,
hedge funds, public markets.
But it has outsized
influence on how we live
and the experiences and
products we interact with.
Amazon, Netflix, Uber,
Airbnb, all companies
we use every day
in our lives, we've
taken them in into
what we want to use.
It's not just that we
use these companies.
It's that we've
learned behaviors
from these companies that
are also quite innate that we
don't think about.
We will stay in somebody's
home who we do not know.
We will hitch a ride
in somebody's car
who we do not know.
We have to binge watch a TV
show all in the same evening.
And if I cannot do
it, holy smokes.
And my goodness, if I can't
get my package delivered in 48
hours, we cannot talk.
I need to go somewhere
else and deal with it.
These are things that 10
years ago, we weren't doing.
These are all venture
backed companies,
male founded venture-backed
companies funded
by male VCs, which is great.
They are great
companies, most of them
profitable and doing well.
The reason we have
to think about that
is that because the venture
capital industry has a diversity
problem.
If we peel it back
and we look at what's
happening or the profile of
the typical venture capitalist,
I am not the typical
venture capitalist.
Typical venture capitalist
is 80% male, 70% White, 40%
graduated from
Harvard and Stanford.
Is a very specific profile.
It's a very narrow profile.
They're driving 99%
of the capital that's
coming out of venture
capital into companies
that are informing our behaviors
and the things that we do.
Now the reason this
is important and why
we have to talk about
this is for two reasons.
One, the behaviors, of
course, that we talked about.
Two is because there are entire
categories of opportunity that
are not getting funded because
it's so far outside of that
lived experience.
Women's health is a huge one.
Women's health as a category
is worth $1.1 trillion.
600 billion of
that is menopause.
After everything
we heard yesterday
and what we to be
true because we're
going to spend 40% of our lives
in this wonderful experience
that is menopause, 600 billion
of that is menopause alone.
Fertility, mental
health, hormonal health
is all in the other
$400 or so billion.
Last year, venture capital
deployed $445 billion
into startups.
Care to guess how much
went to women's health?
1 billion.
It's about 0.3%.
So for a $1.1
trillion opportunity,
the category that is venture
capital put $1 billion into it.
Women's health as a
category is larger
than the funding
that's being deployed
by venture capital in total.
The problem is the
pattern recognition.
Tribalism is a thing.
Humans relate to people
that are like them.
So our White man from
Stanford who's wonderful,
we may know many of
them, is investing
in people that look like him.
This is normal.
This is why this room
feels so safe, because we
relate to each other.
What venture capital
needs is a tribe of women.
We need women involved
in this asset class.
We need women deploying checks.
We need women to help
solve that funding problem.
Then the question
becomes, well, can we?
Naseem, can we do that?
Yes.
Because the parallel thing
that's happening right now
is an enormous wealth transfer
that's landing in women's hands.
$30 trillion of wealth is
headed towards women's hands
in the next 10 to 15 years.
Women stand to control 2/3
of private wealth by 2030.
Nearly 50% actually,
a little bit more
than that of estates that
are worth 5 million or more
are controlled and
owned by women today.
And that's just
going to increase.
We have a lot of
capital in our hands.
And there's more capital coming.
But there's one more problem.
We haven't been
taught to invest.
conditioned to invest.
We have been taught to be safe,
to make sure we're saving money.
And it's not just me saying it.
There's always data.
I'm a data junkie.
This is what you'll get from me.
There's research out in the wild
that the finance and investment
marketing that's targeted
towards women, 75% to 85% of it
tells us that
we're spendthrifts,
that we're bad with money,
that we're bad at math,
that we should just save,
that Carrie Bradshaw bought
the shoes, so she
couldn't buy the house.
That's what we're told.
That's the story
out in the world.
Contrast that to 80% to 90%
of the finance and investment
marketing that's
targeted towards men
is about taking risks.
Building a portfolio.
Being bold.
Thinking about wealth.
It's literally in
the world around us.
And it's why women lean on
philanthropy the way that we do,
because I can't fail
at philanthropy.
There's a lot of money
sitting in women's hands
that isn't going into places
where you can actually tangibly
have an effect on what happens.
So we have an opportunity.
We have an opportunity
for everyone in this room
to think about venture
capital as an asset class
that you can be part of.
And we can affect what's
happening with women's health
because women's health has--
we have a funding
problem, that one
I've now characterized for you.
What we've heard over
the last day and a half
is actually a basic
science problem as well.
We heard about clinical
trials and the gap
on women's health
and clinical trials.
We were excluded from
clinical trials up until 1993
for about two decades
prior to 1993.
My favorite example of the
problem that, that creates aside
from all the drugs and
prescriptions that we are taking
potentially that were never
tested on female physiology
is Ambien.
If anyone knows--
we all know Ambien.
It hit the market
in the mid 1990s.
And when it hit the
market, a lot of women
started taking it to
sleep better at night.
Asterisks menopause.
What would happen
the next morning
is they were falling
asleep at the wheel.
And this kept happening and
kept happening, kept happening.
And what we finally figured
out is that women actually
metabolize the active
ingredient in Ambien
at a completely
different rate than men.
It was never tested on women.
And then we're getting into
accidents the next morning.
And that's only one
example of the many things
that are out there.
The other problem on
the research side,
which again we'll come
back to how we fund it,
is about clinical trials
now have women in them.
The participation
rate is about 25%.
It's still not 50/50.
And then of all the clinical
trials that were conducted,
about 2% are in the
category of women's health.
So we have a
participation problem
and we have a coverage problem.
If we were all thinking about
our capital in different ways,
we could be funding startups
that are actually closing
the gap on basic science.
And we can then facilitate
better clinical trials
and be part of creating
influence that we
don't activate right now.
So here's the charge.
Here's what we need
to do as women.
We need to stop
talking about money
and start talking about capital.
We need to stop
talking about accounts
and we need to talk
about portfolios.
And we need to stop talking
about assets or things
like that.
We need to talk about wealth.
And if we change the
language that we talk with
and how we engage and
how we share stories,
we literally have influence in
our hands that we can activate.
The check that you
write to a startup today
could influence the
world 10 years from now.
It could create behaviors
10 years from now
that you can be
part of creating.
So how will you move the needle?
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
[THEME MUSIC]